feat: New snapshot processor based on custom messages (#1663)
observIQ/bindplane-agent: processor/snapshotprocessor/README.md

# Snapshot Processor

The snapshot processor is used in custom distributions of the collector to provide snapshot functionality in BindPlane. It is not currently included in the official `bindplane-agent`.
## Supported pipelines

- Logs
- Metrics
- Traces

## How it works

> 1. The user configured the processor in the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The user configures the processor in one or more pipelines.
```

> 2. Whenever telemetry passes through the pipeline, it is copied and stored temporarily in an internal buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Whenever telemetry passes through the processor, it is copied and stored temporarily in an internal buffer.
```

3. An OpAMP server is able to use a custom message to request the contents of the internal buffer, in order to view a snapshot of the telemetry flowing through the collector.

## Configuration

| Field   | Type   | Default | Required | Description                                                            |
|---------|--------|---------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | enabled | bool   | `true`  | `false`  | Whether the snapshot processor is enabled or not.                      |

Reviewer: What is the purpose of it being disabled instead of just omitted from the config?

Author: There really isn't a purpose, I've kept it this way to be 100% compatible with the config of the previous processor.

> | opamp   | string | `opamp` | `false`  | Specifies the name of the opamp extension for sending custom messages. |

Reviewer: What is the purpose if there is no opamp extension?

Author: There is none. I think I was treating the required field as "you need to specify this field" and not "you can't leave this field explicitly empty". I think it makes more sense to mark as required.
